{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the raw data was compiled we built the model. For the model, we used Python 3.4, bundled with ArcGIS Pro for geospatial analysis. The model itself was build using scikit-learn, a Python package commonly used for machine learning. To structure the code and provide for potential future web capabilities, the model was built using the Django framework. The full code is openly available at https://github.com/ucd-cws/suitability-analysis/ without the supporting data.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The analysis and flow of the model is according to the following:}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Load data for each region - regions are the software\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concept for collecting data for a given area and are used to construct the potential search area for each town}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Preprocess raw data to create parcels and derived surfaces}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Load the relocation town boundaries}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Extract processed data from region as attributes on parcels, including marking the chosen move location}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do the same as the previous step, but for the original town location instead of the parcels, then use this information to make each attribute on the parcels relative to the original value. For example, if the town elevation was at 280 meters and a parcel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elevation was 305 meters, then the stored elevation value for the parcel would be 25 meters.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	6.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Merge the attributes for all towns into one data table and load into the statistical model.}}